Ruby : Files and Serialization : Format unreadable article in assignment (#28897)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby/files_and_serialization/files_and_serialization.md

  1. Read [Thoughtbot's I/O in Ruby](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/io-in-ruby). You can ignore both the 'Putting it all together' and the 'Working with disparate APIs' sections.
  1. Watch [icc0612's introduction to serialization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS37TujnLRw). It will explain the concept of serialization before you implement it in Ruby.
  1. Read [Choosing the Right Serialization Format](https://www.sitepoint.com/choosing-right-serialization-format/) for more information about the various serialization options you can choose from.

>   1. Copy this [pastebin](https://pastebin.com/ZixCHcWk) and open [Odin Markdown Preview Tool](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/preview), paste it and click on preview and start reading. because [Original article](http://www.skorks.com/2010/04/serializing-and-deserializing-objects-with-ruby/) is not well formatted and some code examples are outdated. but this post still contains relevant information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Skim [Alan Skorkin's article about object orient serialization in Ruby](http://www.skorks.com/2010/04/serializing-and-deserializing-objects-with-ruby/). The article isn't well formatted and some code examples are outdated, but this post still contains relevant information. To view in a better format, you can copy the contents of this [pastebin](https://pastebin.com/ZixCHcWk) and paste them into the [Odin Markdown Preview Tool](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/preview).
```
Suggested wording change. Let me know if it seems good to you.
